[SAASINT-3331] DDS: Avast: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#19063)
DataDog/integrations-core: avast/README.md

## Overview

> [Avast Business Hub][1] is a cloud-based platform that helps businesses manage their Avast security solutions. It offers real-time threat monitoring, detailed reporting, and centralized security control for endpoints, ensuring comprehensive protection across the network and safeguarding against cyberthreats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Avast Business Hub][1] is a cloud-based platform that helps businesses manage their Avast security solutions. It offers real-time threat monitoring, detailed reporting, and centralized security control for endpoints, ensuring protection across the network and safeguarding against cyberthreats.
```
Removed marketing language.

Reviewer 2: updated

The Avast integration collects the following types of logs:

- **Threat**: This endpoint contains information about devices with detected threats, including the type of threat and detection time.
- **Task**: This endpoint contains a summary of tasks performed on devices, including execution details, progress, and completion status.
- **Patch**: This endpoint contains details about patches for devices, allowing monitoring of the health and security of device software and applications.
- **Audit**: This endpoint contains details about user activities, including changes to policies and user access.

> This integration collects logs from the sources listed above and sends them to Datadog for analysis with our Log Explorer and Cloud SIEM products.
> 
> * [Log Explorer][2]
> * [Cloud SIEM][3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration collects logs from the sources listed above and sends them to Datadog for analysis by [Log Explorer][2] and [Cloud SIEM][3].
```

Reviewer 2: updated

## Setup

### Generate API credentials in Avast

> 1. Log in to [Avast Business Hub][4] Account.
> 2. Navigate and click the gear(settings) icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your [Avast Business Hub][4] account.
2. Click the gear(**settings**) icon.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

3. In the **Settings** section, click **Integrations**.
4. Click **Add a new integration**.
5. Provide an integration name.

> 6. Select Integration scope as **API Gateway**, then click **Generate a secret**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select **Integration scope** as **API Gateway**.
6. Click **Generate a secret**.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

> 7. The **Client ID** and **Client Secret** will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The **Client ID** and **Client Secret** appear.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

> ### Connect your Avast Account to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connect your Avast account to Datadog
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

> 1. Add your Client ID and Client Secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add your Client ID and Client secret
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

    |Parameters|Description|
    |--------------------|--------------------|

>     |Client ID|The Client ID of Avast Business Hub Integration.|
>     |Client Secret|The Client Secret of Avast Business Hub Integration.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |Client ID|The Avast Business Hub integration client ID.|
    |Client secret|The Avast Business Hub integration client secret.|
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

> 2. Click the Save button to save your settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Save** button to save your settings.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated
